CONTROLLING INDUSTRIAL CO2 CARBON DIOXIDE CO2
 TO prevent the worst impacts of climate change.
 To remove carbon dioxide from the sky in addition to reducing emissions
 Becoming a carbon negative requires a company.
 sector or country to remove more CO2 from the atmosphere than it emits.
 Turn it into rock.
 feed it to algae to make carbon fibre.

Turn into instulation foam for housing.
Turn it into a fuel
Global carbon emissions from fossil fuels have significantly increased since 1900.
IS CARBON DIOXIDE INCREASING OR DECREASING:
        yes. It increase every year.
		because we put more carbon dioxide into the atmsophere than natural processes can remove.
		the amount of carbon dioxide is increased.
what is annual CO2 emissions of India:
        the stragging growth in emissions means India is now the third biggest carbon emitter worldwide,accounting for seven percent of global emissions 
        in 2020.
  however per captia emissions in India are considerably lower than in many and other countires it just 1.77 metric tons per person.
that was the Earth about three to five million years ago, very different to the Earth we inhabit now. 
LARGEST CO3 EMITTER IN HISTORY 
the united states was the biggest emitter in history of 2021 having relased 422 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide (GTCO2) into the 
atmosphere since the birth of the industrial revolution.
HOW MUCH CO2 IS REMOVED PER YEAR:   
           Moree than 2 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide is being removed from Earth's atmosphere each year.
According to an analysis of global efforts to capture and store the greenhouse gas. 
    * fugitive emissions (MtCO2e). 5.2%
    * Elecricity & Heat (MtCO2e) 31.0% 
    * Manufacturing & construction (MtCO2e)





        carbon dioxide (CO2) is a trace gas in earth's atmosphere. It is also found in large quantities dissolved in the world's oceans. 

         These countries show that economic growth is not incompatible with reducing emissions.
          
       There are two parameters that determine our collective carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions: the number of people, and quantity emitted per person.We either talk about  
             
        total annual or per capita emissions. 
 
        Global energy-related CO2 emissions grew by 0.9% or 321 Mt in 2022, reaching a new high of over 36.8 Gt.
         
        Emissions from oil grew even more than emissions from coal,rising by 2.5% or 268 Mt to  11.2 Gt. 

        china emissions were relatively flat in 2022,declining by 23 Mt or 0.2%.
         
        